Added Azure Kubernetes Service Namespace roles and permissions (#127596)
Azure/azure-content: articles/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles/containers.md

}
```

## Azure Kubernetes Service Namespace Contributor

Allows users to create and manage Azure Kubernetes Service namespace resources.

> [!div class="mx-tableFixed"]
> | Actions | Description |
> | --- | --- |
> | [Microsoft.Authorization](../permissions/management-and-governance.md#microsoftauthorization)/*/read | Read roles and role assignments |
> | [Microsoft.Insights](../permissions/monitor.md#microsoftinsights)/alertRules/* | Create and manage a classic metric alert |
> | [Microsoft.Resources](../permissions/management-and-governance.md#microsoftresources)/subscriptions/resourceGroups/read | Gets or lists resource groups. |
> | [Microsoft.ContainerService](../permissions/containers.md#microsoftcontainerservice)/managedClusters/managedNamespaces/* | Create and manage namespaces |

> > | [Microsoft.ContainerService](../permissions/containers.md#microsoftcontainerservice)/managedClusters/apps/deployments/* |  |

Reviewer: I think this should be
Microsoft.Resources/deployments/*

Reviewer 2: @jakjang  Can you respond to the requested changes?

@rolyon - When the changes are ready for publication, adding a `#sign-off` comment is the best way to signal that the PR is ready for the review team to merge. 

#label:"aq-pr-triaged"
@MicrosoftDocs/public-repo-pr-review-team

Author: @rolyan Great catch. Amended!

Author: ```suggestion
> | [Microsoft.Resources](../permissions/management-and-governance.md#microsoftresources)/deployments/* | Create and manage a deployment |
```
